README.md, before:

# Darkbot Sneaker Deal Finder

A sophisticated web scraper for finding profitable sneaker deals from popular retail sites with anti-bot detection measures.

## Supported Websites

### Retail Sites (Working Scrapers)

- FootLocker (www.footlocker.com)
- FinishLine (www.finishline.com)
- JDSports (www.jdsports.com)
- Nike (www.nike.com)
- Adidas (www.adidas.com)

### Market Price Sites

- StockX (www.stockx.com)
- GOAT (www.goat.com)
- FlightClub (www.flightclub.com)

### Additional Sites (Require Configuration)

- Eastbay (www.eastbay.com)
- Champs Sports (www.champssports.com)
- New Balance (www.newbalance.com)
- Puma (www.puma.com)
- Stadium Goods (www.stadiumgoods.com)

## Features

- Price tracking and comparison with StockX and GOAT
- Human-like browsing behavior to avoid detection
- MongoDB database for deal storage and analytics
- Intelligent profit calculation and trend analysis
- Email notifications for profitable deals
- Scheduled execution at regular intervals
- Multiple data export formats (CSV, JSON)
- Adaptive iteration based on deal discovery

## Requirements

- Python 3.8+
- Required packages are listed in requirements.txt

## Setup

1. Set up a virtual environment (recommended):
   ```bash
   python -m venv .venv
   .venv\Scripts\activate  # Windows
   source .venv/bin/activate  # Linux/Mac
   ```

2. Install required packages:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Configure settings in `config.py`
   - Set your email notification preferences
   - Configure MongoDB connection settings
   - Adjust website URLs and rate limits
   - Set minimum discount percentage

4. MongoDB Configuration:
   - The bot is pre-configured with the following connection string:
   ```text
   mongodb://mongo:SMhYDmJOIDZMrHqHhVJRIHzxcOfJUaNr@shortline.proxy.rlwy.net:51019
   ```
   - You can modify this in config.py or use command-line arguments

## Running the Bot

### Railway Deployment (Recommended for 24/7 Operation)

For continuous 24/7 operation, deploy the bot to Railway:

1. Follow the instructions in [RAILWAY_DEPLOYMENT.md](RAILWAY_DEPLOYMENT.md)
2. Railway will keep the bot running automatically
3. No need to keep your computer on
4. Automatic restart if the bot crashes

### Local Automatic Mode

For running on your local machine:

- `auto_start.bat` - Sets up environment, installs requirements, and starts the bot in continuous mode with 30-minute intervals

This script will:
1. Create a virtual environment if needed
2. Install all required packages
3. Start the bot in continuous mode with 30-minute intervals
4. Log all output to a timestamped log file
5. Send email notifications every 30 minutes to configured recipients

### Other Quick Start Options

Alternative batch files for different use cases:

- `run_fixed_bot.bat` - Runs the bot with all working scrapers and logs output
- `run_working_scrapers.bat` - Runs only the verified scrapers

### Command Line Usage

```bash
# Basic usage
python main.py                                        # Run once
python main.py --continuous --interval 30             # Run every 30 minutes

# Site selection
python main.py --sites sneakers champssports          # Run for specific sites
python main.py --list-sites                           # Show all available sites

# MongoDB specific options
python main.py --mongodb                              # Force enable MongoDB storage
python main.py --mongodb-connection "your-connection-string"

# Advanced usage
python main.py --continuous --interval 30 --iterate   # Auto-continue if new deals found
python main.py --export-json                          # Export deals to JSON
python main.py --verbose                              # Show detailed output
```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues:

1. Make sure you're using the correct Python version:
   ```bash
   python --version  # Should be 3.8+
   ```

2. Run the debug script to test scrapers:
   ```bash
   python debug_scraping.py
   ```

3. Check for log files:
   ```
   bot_test.log
   darkbot_run_*.log
   ```

4. Common issues:
   - **No output**: Make sure you're using `--verbose` flag
   - **Scraper errors**: Some websites may have changed their structure
   - **MongoDB errors**: Verify your connection string is valid

## Recent Fixes

- Fixed missing `scrape()` method in scrapers
- Updated MongoDB connection handling
- Added additional debugging tools
- Increased page load timeout for more reliable scraping
- Created convenient batch files for easier use

## Disclaimer

This tool is for educational purposes only. Always respect website terms of service and robots.txt rules. Use responsibly and implement proper rate limiting to avoid impacting website performance.

Commit message:

Refactor MongoDB connection settings and implement fallback scraper for unknown sites

README.md, after:

# Darkbot Sneaker Deal Finder

A sophisticated web scraper for finding profitable sneaker deals from popular retail sites with anti-bot detection measures.

## Supported Websites

### Retail Sites (Working Scrapers)

- FootLocker (www.footlocker.com)
- FinishLine (www.finishline.com)
- JDSports (www.jdsports.com)
- Nike (www.nike.com)
- Adidas (www.adidas.com)

### Market Price Sites

- StockX (www.stockx.com)
- GOAT (www.goat.com)
- FlightClub (www.flightclub.com)

### Additional Sites (Require Configuration)

- Eastbay (www.eastbay.com)
- Champs Sports (www.champssports.com)
- New Balance (www.newbalance.com)
- Puma (www.puma.com)
- Stadium Goods (www.stadiumgoods.com)

## Features

- Price tracking and comparison with StockX and GOAT
- Human-like browsing behavior to avoid detection
- MongoDB database for deal storage and analytics
- Intelligent profit calculation and trend analysis
- Email notifications for profitable deals
- Scheduled execution at regular intervals
- Multiple data export formats (CSV, JSON)
- Adaptive iteration based on deal discovery

## Requirements

- Python 3.8+
- Required packages are listed in requirements.txt

## Setup

1. Set up a virtual environment (recommended):
   ```bash
   python -m venv .venv
   .venv\Scripts\activate  # Windows
   source .venv/bin/activate  # Linux/Mac
   ```

2. Install required packages:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Configure settings in `config.py`
   - Set your email notification preferences
   - Configure MongoDB connection settings
   - Adjust website URLs and rate limits
   - Set minimum discount percentage

4. MongoDB Configuration:
   - You need to configure your MongoDB connection details in the .env file
   - The format should be:

   ```text
   MONGODB_CONNECTION_STRING=mongodb://username:password@hostname:port/
   ```

   - You can also modify settings in config.py or use command-line arguments

## Running the Bot

### Railway Deployment (Recommended for 24/7 Operation)

For continuous 24/7 operation, deploy the bot to Railway:

1. Follow the instructions in [RAILWAY_DEPLOYMENT.md](RAILWAY_DEPLOYMENT.md)
2. Railway will keep the bot running automatically
3. No need to keep your computer on
4. Automatic restart if the bot crashes

### Local Automatic Mode

For running on your local machine:

- `auto_start.bat` - Sets up environment, installs requirements, and starts the bot in continuous mode with 30-minute intervals

This script will:
1. Create a virtual environment if needed
2. Install all required packages
3. Start the bot in continuous mode with 30-minute intervals
4. Log all output to a timestamped log file
5. Send email notifications every 30 minutes to configured recipients

### Other Quick Start Options

Alternative batch files for different use cases:

- `run_fixed_bot.bat` - Runs the bot with all working scrapers and logs output
- `run_working_scrapers.bat` - Runs only the verified scrapers

### Command Line Usage

```bash
# Basic usage
python main.py                                        # Run once
python main.py --continuous --interval 30             # Run every 30 minutes

# Site selection
python main.py --sites sneakers champssports          # Run for specific sites
python main.py --list-sites                           # Show all available sites

# MongoDB specific options
python main.py --mongodb                              # Force enable MongoDB storage
python main.py --mongodb-connection "your-connection-string"

# Advanced usage
python main.py --continuous --interval 30 --iterate   # Auto-continue if new deals found
python main.py --export-json                          # Export deals to JSON
python main.py --verbose                              # Show detailed output
```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues:

1. Make sure you're using the correct Python version:
   ```bash
   python --version  # Should be 3.8+
   ```

2. Run the debug script to test scrapers:
   ```bash
   python debug_scraping.py
   ```

3. Check for log files:
   ```
   bot_test.log
   darkbot_run_*.log
   ```

4. Common issues:
   - **No output**: Make sure you're using `--verbose` flag
   - **Scraper errors**: Some websites may have changed their structure
   - **MongoDB errors**: Verify your connection string is valid

## Recent Fixes

- Fixed missing `scrape()` method in scrapers
- Updated MongoDB connection handling
- Added additional debugging tools
- Increased page load timeout for more reliable scraping
- Created convenient batch files for easier use

## Disclaimer

This tool is for educational purposes only. Always respect website terms of service and robots.txt rules. Use responsibly and implement proper rate limiting to avoid impacting website performance.
